I am Groot.
Tinkle in the cup.
We're not looking.
What's there to see?
What's a twig?
Everybody's seen a twig before.
I am Groot.
Tree, pour what's in the cup
out into space and
go in the cup again.
You speak Groot?
Yes, they taught it on Asgard.
It was an elective.
I am Groot.
You'll know when we're close.
Nidavellir's forge harnesses
the blazing power
of a neutron star.
It's the birthplace
of my hammer.
It's truly awesome.
Okay, time to be the captain.
So, dead brother, huh?
Yeah, that could be annoying.
Well, he's been dead before.
But, no, this time I think
it really might be true.
And you said your
sister and your dad?
Both dead.
But still got a mom, though?
Killed by a dark elf.
A best friend?
Stabbed through the heart.
You sure you're up to this
particular murder mission?
Absolutely.
Rage and vengeance,
anger, loss, regret...
they're all
tremendous motivators.
They really clear the mind.
So I'm good to go.
Yeah, but this Thanos
we're talkin' about...
he's the toughest there is.
- Well, he's never fought me.
- Yeah, he has.
He's never fought me twice.
And I'm getting a new
hammer, don't forget.
It better be some hammer.
You know, I'm 1,500 years old.
I've killed twice as
many enemies as that.
And every one of them
would've rather killed me,
but none succeeded.
I'm only alive because
fate wants me alive.
Thanos is just the latest
in a long line of bastards...
and he'll be the latest
to feel my vengeance.
Fate wills it so.
Mmm-hmm.
And what if you're wrong?
If I'm wrong, then...
what more could I lose?
I could lose a lot.
Me, personally,
Okay.
If fate does want you
to kill that crapsack...
you're gonna need more
than one stupid eyeball.
- What's this?
- What's it look like?
Some jerk lost a bet
with me on Contraxia.
He gave you his eye?
No, he gave me 100 credits.
I snuck into his room later
that night and stole his eye.
Thank you, sweet rabbit.
Hmm.
Huh?
Oh.
I would've washed that.
The only way I could sneak
it off Contraxia was up my...
Hey, we're here!
I don't think this thing works.
Everything seems dark.
It ain't the eye.
Something's wrong.
The star's gone out.
And the rings are frozen.
I hope these dwarves are better
at forging than
they are cleaning.
Maybe they
realized that they live
in a junk pile in
the middle of space.
This forge hasn't
gone dark in centuries.
You said Thanos
had a gauntlet, right?
Yes, why?
It look anything like that?
I am Groot.
Go back to the pod.
Eitri, wait!
Stop!
Stop.
Thor?
What happened here?
You were supposed to protect us.
Asgard was
supposed to protect us.
Asgard is destroyed.
Eitri, the glove.
What did you do?
300 dwarves lived on this ring.
I thought if I did what
he asked, they'd be safe.
I made what he wanted.
A device capable of harnessing
the power of the stones.
Then he killed everyone anyway.
All except me.
"Your life is yours," he said.
"But your hands are mine alone."
Eitri, this isn't
about your hands.
Every weapon
you've ever designed,
every axe, hammer, sword...
it's all inside your head.
Now, I know it feels
like all hope is lost.
Trust me, I know.
But together, you and I,
we can kill Thanos.
The stone had
better be up there.
For your sister's sake.
Welcome, Thanos, son of Alars.
Gamora, daughter of Thanos.
You know us?
It is my curse to know
all who journey here.
Where is the Soul Stone?
You should know...
it extracts a terrible price.
I am prepared.
We all think that at first.
We are all wrong.
How is it you know
this place so well?
A lifetime ago, I, too,
sought the stones.
I even held one in my hand.
But it cast me out,
banished me here.
Guiding others to a
treasure I cannot possess.
What you seek
lies in front of you.
As does what you fear.
What's this?
The price.
Soul holds a special place
among the Infinity Stones.
You might say it
has a certain wisdom.
Tell me what it needs.
To ensure that
whoever possesses it...
understands its power...
the stone demands a sacrifice.
Of what?
In order to take the stone,
you must lose
that which you love.
A soul...
for a soul.
All my life, I
dreamed of a day...
a moment...
when you got what you deserved.
And I was always
so disappointed.
But now...
You kill and torture...
and you call it mercy.
The universe has judged you.
You asked it for a prize,
and it told you no.
You failed.
And do you wanna know why?
Because you love nothing.
No one.
No.
Really?
Tears?
They're not for him.
No.
This isn't love.
I ignored my destiny once.
I cannot do that again.
Even for you.
I'm sorry, little one.
No!
This is the plan?
We're gonna hit him with a brick?
It's a mold.
A king's weapon.
Meant to be the
greatest in Asgard.
In theory, it could even
summon the Bifrost.
Did it have a name?
Stormbreaker.
That's a bit much.
So how do we make it?
You'll have to
restart the forge.
Awaken the heart
of a dying star.
Rabbit, fire up the pod.
Drop to 2600, heading 0-3-0.
I hope you're right about this.
Or we're gonna land a
lot faster than you want to.
When you said we were
going to open Wakanda
to the rest of the world...
this is not what I imagined.
And what did you imagine?
The Olympics.
Maybe even a Starbucks.
Should we bow?
Yeah, he's a king.
Seems like I'm always
thanking you for something.
What are you doing?
Uh, we don't do that here.
So how big of an assault
should we expect?
Uh, sir, I think you should
expect quite a big assault.
How we looking?
You will have my Kingsguard,
the Border Tribe,
the Dora Milaje, and...
And a semi-stable
100-year-old man.
How you been, Buck?
Uh, not bad, for
the end of the world.
Whoa.
The structure is polymorphic.
Right, we had to attach
each neuron non-sequentially.
Why didn't you just reprogram
the synapses to
work collectively?
Because we didn't think of it.
I'm sure you did your best.
Can you do it?
Yes, but there are more
than two trillion neurons here.
One misalignment could cause
a cascade of circuit failures.
It will take time, brother.
How long?
As long as you can give me.
Something's entered
the atmosphere.
Hey, Cap, we got
a situation here.
God, I love this place.
Yeah, don't start
celebrating yet, guys.
We got more incoming
outside the dome.
It's too late.
We need to destroy
the stone now.
Vision, get your ass
back on the table.
We will hold them off.
Wanda, as soon as that
stone's out of his head...
you blow it to hell.
I will.
Evacuate the city.
Engage all defenses.
And get this man a shield.
I don't think
you get the scientifics here.
These rings are gigantic.
You wanna get them moving...
you're gonna need
something a lot bigger
to yank 'em loose.
- Leave that to me.
- Leave it to you?
Buddy, you're in space.
All you got is a rope and a...
Fire the engines!
More power, rabbit!
Well done, boy.
That's Nidavellir.
Damn it.
"Damn it"?
What's "damn it"?
The mechanism is crippled.
- What?
- With the iris closed,
I can't heat the metal.
How long will it
take to heat it?
A few minutes,
maybe more. Why?
I'm gonna hold it open.
That's suicide.
So is facing Thanos
without that axe.
How we looking, Bruce?
Yeah, I think I'm
getting the hang of it.
Wow! This is amazing, man.
It's like being the
Hulk without actually...
I'm okay. I'm okay.
I've got two heat signatures
breaking through the tree line.
Thank you for standing with us.
Of course, brother.
Where's your other friend?
You will pay for
his life with yours.
Thanos will have that stone.
That's not gonna happen.
You are in Wakanda now.
Thanos will have nothing
but dust and blood.
We have blood to spare.
They surrender?
Not exactly.
What the hell?
Looks like we pissed her off.
They're killing themselves.
You see the teeth
on those things?
All right, back up, Sam.
You're gonna get
your wings singed.
Cap, if these things
circle the perimeter
and get in behind us...
there's nothing
between them and Vision.
Then we better keep
'em in front of us.
How do we do that?
We open the barrier.
On my signal, open
North-West Section Seventeen.
Requesting
confirmation, My King.
You said open the barrier?
On my signal.
This will be the end of Wakanda.
Then it will be the
noblest ending in history.
Wakanda forever!
Now!
How much longer, Shuri?
I've barely begun, brother.
You might want
to pick up the pace.
Allfathers, give me strength.
You understand, boy?
You're about to take
the full force of a star.
It'll kill you.
Only if I die.
Yes.
That's what killing you means.
Hold it!
Hold it, Thor!
Thor!
Say something. Come on.
Thor, you okay?
I think he's dying.
He needs the axe!
Where's the handle?
Tree, help me find the handle!
There's too many of 'em!
You guys are so screwed now!
Bring me Thanos!
Oh, yeah.
You're much more of a Thanos.
I take it the Maw is dead.
This day extracts a heavy toll.
Still, he accomplished
his mission.
You may regret that.
He brought you face-to-face
with the Master
of the Mystic Arts.
And where do you
think he brought you?
Let me guess.
Your home?
It was.
And it was beautiful.
Titan was like most planets.
Too many mouths,
not enough to go around.
And when we faced extinction,
I offered a solution.
Genocide.
But random, dispassionate,
fair to rich and poor alike.
They called me a madman.
And what I predicted
came to pass.
Congratulations,
you're a prophet.
I'm a survivor.
Who wants to murder trillions.
With all six stones, I could
simply snap my fingers.
They would all cease to exist.
I call that mercy.
And then what?
I'd finally rest...
and watch the sun rise
on a grateful universe.
The hardest choices
require the strongest wills.
I think you'll find our
will equal to yours.
Our?
Piece of cake, Quill.
Yeah, if your goal
was to piss him off.
Boom!
Don't let him close his fist.
Magic.
More magic.
Magic with a kick.
Magic with a...
Insect!
Well, well.
You should've killed me.
It would've been
a waste of parts!
Where's Gamora?
Is he under? Don't let up.
Be quick. He is very strong.
Parker, help! Get over here.
She can't hold him much longer.
Let's go.
We gotta open his
fingers to get it off.
I thought you'd
be hard to catch.
For the record,
this was my plan.
You're not so strong now, huh?
Where is Gamora?
My Gamora.
No, bullshit!
Where is she?
He is in anguish.
Good.
He...
He mourns.
What does this
monster have to mourn?
Gamora.
What?
He took her to Vormir.
He came back
with the Soul Stone.
But she didn't.
Okay, Quill, you gotta cool it
right now. You understand?
Don't, don't. Don't engage.
We almost got this off!
Tell me she's lying.
Asshole, tell me
you didn't do it!
I had to.
No, you didn't.
- No, you didn't!
- Quill!
Hey, stop! Hey, stop! Stop!
Hey, stop! Stop!
It's coming, it's coming.
I got it, I got it!
Oh, God.
Come and get some, space dogs!
Come on! Get some! Get some!
Come on! Get some!
- How much for the gun?
- Not for sale.
Okay. How much for the arm?
Oh, I'll get that arm.
New haircut?
Noticed you've copied my beard.
By the way, this is a
friend of mine, Tree.
I am Groot.
I am Steve Rogers.
Fall back! Fall back, now!
Focus that fire on
the left flank, Sam.
I'm doing it.
Why was she up
there all this time?
She's on the field. Take it.
Guys, we got a
Vision situation here.
Somebody get to Vision!
- I got him!
- On my way.
He'll die alone. As will you.
She's not alone.
Oh, no, you don't.
This isn't gonna be
like New York, pal.
This suit's already kicked
the crap outta the Hulk.
What? No! No!
Guys! Vision needs backup, now!
Hulk? Hulk,
I know you like making your
entrance at the last second.
Well, this is it, man.
This is the last, last second.
Hulk! Hulk!
Hulk!
No!
Oh, screw you, you
big, green asshole!
I'll do it myself!
Come on! Yeah!
See ya!
Hulk, we got a lot
to figure out, pal.
I thought you were
formidable, machine.
But you're dying, like any man.
Get outta here!
Go!
That was really gross.
I thought I told you to go.
We don't trade lives, Captain.
I got you. I got you.
I'm sorry I can't remember
anybody's names.
You're full of tricks, wizard.
Yet you never once used
your greatest weapon.
A fake.
You throw another moon at me,
and I'm gonna lose it.
Stark.
You know me?
I do.
You're not the only one
cursed with knowledge.
My only curse is you.
Come on!
All that for a drop of blood.
You have my respect, Stark.
When I'm done, half of
humanity will still be alive.
I hope they remember you.
Stop.
Spare his life...
and I will give you the stone.
No tricks.
Don't.
One to go.
Where is he?
Did we just lose?
Why would you do that?
We're in the endgame now.
Are you okay?
What? What is it?
He's here.
Everyone, on my position.
We have incoming.
What the hell?
Cap.
That's him.
Eyes up. Stay sharp.
Wanda.
It's time.
No.
They can't stop him,
Wanda, but we can.
Look at me.
You have the power
to destroy the stone.
Don't.
You must do it. Wanda, please.
We are out of time.
I can't.
Yes, you can.
You can.
If he gets the stone,
half the universe dies.
It's not fair.
It shouldn't be you, but it is.
It's all right.
You could never hurt me.
I just feel you.
It's all right.
I love you.
I understand, my child.
Better than anyone.
You could never.
Today, I lost more
than you can know.
But now is no time to mourn.
Now is no time at all.
No!
I told you...
you'd die for that.
You should have...
You should...
You should have
gone for the head.
No!
Daughter?
Did you do it?
Yes.
What did it cost?
Everything.
What did you do?
What'd you do?
Where'd he go?
Thor.
Steve?
Up, General. Up!
This is no place to die.
I am Groot.
Oh...
No, no, no!
Groot! No.
Sam!
Sam, where you at?
Something's happening.
Quill?
Steady, Quill.
Oh, man.
Tony.
There was no other way.
Mr. Stark?
I don't feel so good.
You're all right.
I don't...
I don't know what's happening.
I don't know...
I don't want to go.
I don't want to go, sir. Please.
Please, I don't want to go.
I don't want to go.
I'm sorry.
He did it.
What is this?
What the hell is happening?
Oh, God.